What is truth? Often is seems as though truth is as varied as the number
of individuals and perspectives involved in "any given matter of truth".
Imagine a busy street corner at which an accident has just occurred. What
happened? Will it depend on which person you ask? It is likely that people
will have their own version of the events that have occurred. Matters of
fact will be recorded by each individual using their ability to see, hear,
smell, listen and taste. Finally, a person's imagination and ability to
process information will affect what they believe to be the "honest"
truth. It is likely that in case of a car accident the testimony of
various witnesses will be conflicting, why is that so? Are they lying? Can
they all be telling the truth and have variations in detail? What is the
truth?

In ancient Greece, this problem of truth weighed heavily on the mind of
Socrates. Socrates realized that truth is not a matter an individuals
"perspective" on a situation. Truth is "simply what is". The problem that
Socrates realized is that "truth" was equivocated to that which was simply
perceived and instructed as being real. Socrates changed this notion
starting with teaching his students to question the "perceptions of right"
versus the "truth of what is".

After the death of Socrates, consequently as a martyr of logic, his most
famous student Plato would continue the search for "the truth of what is".
Plato wrote the "Parabola of the Cave" a story, which explained his Theory
of Forms, which ultimately built on Socrates' ideal of the "truth of what
is". Plato believed all things came from an original perfect model, which
he called "the forms". Therefore, "a tree" is according to Plato a copy of
the perfect tree. A perfect tree would contain all the features and
variables of the universally perfect tree form. The concept is a major
advancement in logic allowing for the possibility of a true science. For
the first time people can think of objects in terms of universal
characteristics. Plato called his forth and highest realm of thought,
"reason".

If Socrates gave us "logic of truth" and Plato gave us "object of truth",
then Descartes showed us the "method of truth". Descartes explains in
detail why sense perceptions cannot "know truth" in his writings known as
the Meditations. For example, almost everyone has had an experience where
they see "one thing" and find out that later that it was "another thing".
Our senses "play tricks" on us. Because as Socrates showed us centuries
earlier that truth "is that which is" and because we cannot be certain our
senses are not flawed, we must conclude that we cannot know "truth"
through mere senses. Descartes goes on to expand Plato's Theory of Forms
with new concepts of truth. Cause & Effect, Mathematics and Geometry he
argued is "that which is" making way for the acceptance of an advancement
in the ideal of truth.

Because of the work of these and many other philosophers, that truth
exists as a concept beyond sense perception and simple imagination. Humans
can only discover the truth if they are able to filter out their own
limited perspective, desires and imagination. In the end then truth is a
matter of black and white and all the shades between them are perspectives
and flaws in understanding the real truth, that which simply is.


