I went through the Golem Caves that Ash made and wrote down all the errors I
saw. It took me about 45 minutes (a lot longer than i expected). Im sure this
check isn't perfect and I am sure I have made some errors too, but the purpose
of it was to point out the most obvious ones. I am also sure that if I was to
look at the code for it I would see a lot more errors than just these.


I was going to mail it to Ash directly but I decided to post it here
instead...


GOLEM CAVES, FIRST LEVEL

First room:
"The mouth of a tunnel leads" <- tunnel needs a description

"into the darkness" <- darkness needs a description

"At your feet small pebbles cover the harder surface of the ancient stone all
around you." <- 2nd person usage of "your" is bad in a room desc. This doesn't
even seem to make sense, first we are looking at the pebbles on the floor; but
they cover the stone all around you?


"Apparently.. from a bigger rock at one time." <- poor grammar to use two
periods trailing a word, 3 is the norm. 


"echo echo echo echo echo echo echo echo echo echo." <- is this meant to be
funny?


Second room (down):
"Stairs against the wall" <- stairs need a desc

"a circular tunnel" <- tunnel needs a desc

"echo echo echo echo echo echo echo echo echo echo." <- same as first room

"You look more closely and you notice the following:" <- description of the
circle. Overuse of "you" is not recommended, consider "You look closer and
notice the following:".


This room mentions stairs which descent (go down) but there is no down exit.
Perhaps you mean ascend (go up) which would explain the up exit.


Third room (d, 1n):
"This tunnel consits" <- You mean "consists"

"same stone" <- need description for stone

"as before" <- this is bad because it assumes that the user has been in the
other rooms.


"into the wall" <- wall REALLY needs a desc, it should mention the red
triangles.


"with the red triangles" <- consider removing the word "the", also triangles
need a desc.


"the walls have been marked with the yellow pentagons that have been engraved
into the wall."


Have they been marked? Or engraved? There is an overuse of the word "wall"
here which is sounds very clumsy.


Fourth room (d, 2n):
"This tunnel consits" <- you mean "consists"

"another level of the tunnel" <- end of desc needs a period

"Smooth stone steps" <- steps need a desc
This room seems to be the same as room 3 with a sentence added. Two rooms with
almost identical description right next to each other should be avoided at all
cost.


The rooms d, 2n, e and d, 2n, w and d, 2n, u have identical room descriptions.
The typing error with "consits" is present in all 4 rooms with identical
descriptions in the northern part of the cave. No extra descriptions for the
floor, walls, triangles, steps etc were found. 


The room in the east wing of the caves (d, 2e) does not explain the up exit.

The other areas of the cave are all identical with different colour shapes in
each part, all with the same errors. *2* lines long descriptions are generally
unacceptable and there is nothing in this area which builds atmosphere, which
is understandable when the room descriptions are only 1 sentence long and only
describe what kind of stone is in the walls.


EQ:
The eq in this area all has exactly the same long description of 6 words long.
It does not describe the equipment in anyway, and its value is not reflected
by the description "Made with the finest of gems."


Monsters:
The monsters in the area all have the same description except for one word. It
does not say what the monster looks like or even what a golem is. It does not
describe any physical attributes of the monster other than the substance of
which it is made. The descriptions for the monsters are very poor.

The 55k monsters also have a massive amount of money for their size, and,
considering the gems they hold are also worth 5 silver they are very
unbalanced.


LISTEN AND SMELL:
Are the same for every room. The echo is not explained and nor is the smell of
sulphur, sulphur usually comes from a fire-breathing dragon and there is no
such thing in this area or the area connected. "Sulphur and gasses" <- this is
bad because sulphur IS a gas, so well, you figure it out.


GOLEM CAVES SECOND LEVEL:

First room:
"You feel your self moving.. with out moving.." <- Yourself is one word, so is
without. Three periods trailing a word is the norm, not two.


"Standing on the drawbridge" <- Who is? I am? It doesn't seem to say, this
would normally be accepted if it was:

 "Standing on the drawbridge between the large cloud to the south and the
enormous cloud castle that is directly to the north you cant help but notice
the gates are closed."


But then you would be making use of the 2nd person, which is not acceptable in
a room description. As it is at the moment the description for this room
contains very bad grammar. Also, there is only one item for it (the castle),
no drawbridge, no cloud, no gates.


"A giant stone fortress.. its gates are closed." <- "its" should possible have
a capital letter as it follows a period. There should be three periods not
two. In the long desc it says it is a cloud castle, is this a castle in the
clouds or a castle made from clouds?


"You cant help" <- "cant" needs an apostrophe to make it become "can't"

And if the gates are closed, then why can I go north? The large cloud to the
south would seem to suggest I can walk on it or something, but there is no
south exit.


Room two (n):
This has exactly the same description as the room south, which is very bad. It
has all the same mistakes and the same bad grammar.


Inside the keep is generally good compared to the upper level with use of
add_item in all of the rooms, however there are a few things; there are only 3
significantly different room descriptions in 13 different rooms and you should
decide whether you want the brief descriptions to start with a capital or not:


"Masterly crafted keep walls form a well lit hallway
with the wall banners of a silver and cyan crest."

The way this is written suggests the wall banners somehow light the hallway.
The word "wall" is used twice in one sentence which makes reading it clumsy,
consider changing "wall banners" to "banners" and then writing about them in
more detail in their long description. Also, the wrap on this room is perhaps
too short, the sentence here could almost fit on one line yet it occupies a
full two.


"This appears to be a chamber of one of the castle nobles. There
is a large table sits which in the rooms center with a velvet bed on
one wall and a large dressing curtain and oak shelf on the other.
A single wooden framed window shows the view of outside."

Window, curtain and shelf all have the same very poor description, which is
bad because a window doesn't look like a curtain and nor does it look like a
shelf.


I can't look outside and I can't look at the table.

"Silky smooth, just how nobles like it." <- description of bed.
Well, in a roleplaying context I myself am a noble and I can tell you now I
don't like it silky or smooth. I like it hard, very hard. I like to feel pain.
I want to feel 6 inch nails digging into my back and causing me to bleed...
get my drift? Not all nobles like it silky smooth.


"Masterly crafted stone walls from the north and west come
together to form the corner of this keep. A hallway runs both
east and south of here decorated on the outside walls with
large banners of a silver and cyan crest."

The hallway is decorated on the outside? How can we see it then because I
thought we were inside this keep. Or is it the walls that are decorated? From
the way this is written I just get confused.


The description for the banners needs to start with a capital.

MONSTERS:
The descriptions for the monsters are all the same, which is bad when the king
in the centre of the keep is much much bigger than the rest of the guards. The
monsters all block the north exit whether there is one or not.


"Like all of his kind he is a creation of powerful magic.
He stands like a human but slightly taller and stronger.
He dosnt have skin like must humanoids either but rather
is covered with glistening silver scales."

"dosnt" needs to be changed to "doesn't" or "does not"

"must" to "most"

I think you also need to remove the word "either" in this description.

EQ
The equipment in this area is far too good for the size of the monsters. The
armour which is available is the same armour class as cuirass, which is a lot
harder to get and only a little better considering it has an ego of +25 more
than the ebony plate.


The katanas are also very good (arguably third best weapon in game,
stormbringer being best, and dragon weapons being second). The EQ should
either be downgraded or the monsters upgraded.


The equipment on the king is balanced by its heaviness.

LISTEN/SMELL

"The silence is disturbing." <- well maybe it's disturbing for you, but not
for me matey. This assumes things about the PC.



OVERALL SUMMARY

This whole area is riddled with mistakes, and although the EQ is very pretty
it is far too easy to get. There is no sense of atmosphere and I feel that it
probably took you all of five minutes. It is areas like these that really let
this place down, and it looks to me like you have made your equipment very
good and very easy to get on purpose so that a lot of people will use it. I
think it is sad when an area like this makes it into the game, after many
wizzes on here have spent hours trying to make their areas really FEEL
realistic. The bottom line is, if you aren't prepared to put any effort into
making an area then don't do it - leave it to the people who can and spend
your time doing something you are good at such as making new spells or
improving combat. Oh and if you do insist on making an area, you might like to
spell check it first.


