This website is meant for educational purposes only. Any resemblance to real persons
living or dead is purely coincidental. Void where prohibited. Edited for television.
Some assembly required. Take with food. Approved for veterans. Batteries not included.
First pull up, then pull down. Use only as directed. No other warranty expressed or
implied. Not the Beatles. Do not use while operating a motor vehicle or heavy
equipment. Apply only to infected area. May be too intense for some viewers. For
recreational use only. Do not disturb. All models over 18 years of age. If condition
persists, consult your physician. No user-serviceable parts inside. Freshest if eaten
before date on pacakge. Won't you turn your radio down? Respect the seven second delay
we use. Subject to change without notice. Times are approximate. Simulated picture.
Please remain seated until the ride has come to a complete stop. Breaking seal
constitutes acceptance of agreement. For off-road use only. As seen on TV. One size
fits all. We use a butter substitute. Contains a substantial amount of non-tobacco
ingredients. Colors may fade. We have sent the forms which seem right for you.
Slippery when wet. For home use only. Not affiliated with anyone else. You're gonna
lose with Mr. Booze. Drop in any mailbox. That's what you get for pretending the
danger's not real. Keep cool and process promptly. List was current at time of
printing. Not responsible for direct, indirect, incidental or consequential damages
resulting from any defect, error or failure to perform. At participating locations
only. Penalty for private use. Penalty for commercial use. Penalty for any use. Get
it? Substantial penalty for early withdrawal. No loitering. See label for more info.
Do not write below this line. Falling rock. Lost ticket pays maximum rate. Add toner.
Place stamp here. Avoid contact with skin. Do not be misled by your ears- no
conventional instrumentation or sound effects were used. Sanitized for your
protection. Be sure each item is properly endorsed. Sign here without admitting guilt.
Slightly higher west of the Mississippi. Employees and their families are not
eligible. Beware of dog. Though your fingers may tickle, you'll be safe in our pickle.
Limited time offer, call now to ensure prompt delivery. Ok, so I wrote below that
line. Now what? You must be present to win. You can be anywhere to lose. Extra crispy
not available in all locations. No passes accepted for this engagement. No purchase
necessary. Processed at location stamped in code at top. Use only in a well-ventilated
area. Keep away from fire or flames. Replace with same type. Double occupancy
suggested. Check here if tax deductible. Some equipment shown is optional. Price does
not include taxes. No Canadian coins. Not recommended for children. Pre-recorded for
this time zone. Reproduction strictly prohibited. No solicitors. No alcohol, dogs or
horses. No anchovies unless otherwise specified. Restaurant package, not for resale.
List at least two alternate dates. Call toll free number before digging. Driver does
not carry cash. Some of the trademarks mentioned in this product appear for
identification purposes only. Objects in mirror may be closer than they appear. Do not
fold, spindle or mutilate. If you want it, come and get it. But you better hurry cuz
it's going fast. No transfers issued until this bus comes to a complete stop. Package
sold by weight, not volume. Your mileage may vary. 

This supercedes all previous notices. 
Anything excluded will be deemed included.
