Some of the feelings which exist on this mud exhibit a
'sexual' overtone. Some examples would be (this is by no
means a comprehensive list): fondle, french, grope, groan,
moan, massage, nibble, kiss, & leer. Common sense and
decency suggests that you WOULD NOT go up to a non-consenting
person in real life and perform such an act on them.
Therefore, you WILL NOT do so here either. If you do
perform such an act or acts on someone (whom you thought
consenting or otherwise) and they at any point say, 'Stop',
then you WILL stop. Immediately, NO EXCEPTIONS.
 
By now you are asking, 'Why?' We'll tell you why. You see,
you might think it's cute and/or innocent to use such feelings
on just anyone. You might think, 'Hey, it's not hurting
anyone.' You might think, 'This isn't real.' But you know
what? It's demeaning. It's belittling (sic). It's not cute.
It's not innocent. It's real in the victim's mind. You
*are* hurting someone.  
 
There is a name for this. It is MUD rape. We will NOT stand
for it. Any cases reported WILL be investigated. The punishment
will be swift and severe: The offending player will be banished
and *removed*. Any and all 'seconds' (known, discovered, or
otherwise) will be placed on probation. Should a violation occur
again after being placed on probation, then ALL seconds (known,
discovered, or otherwise) will be removed and banished and the
site will be placed on email registration for new players.
Filing false allegations will also not be tolerated and will also
warrant a swift and severe punishment. This IS NOT something to
be taken lightly. (Note that no sexual bias exists in this
policy. Since size and strength are not issues, it makes no
difference whether it is a male to a female, a female to a male,
a female to a female, and/or a male to a male.)
 
We will be the first to tell you that this is a gray area. It is
not clear cut. One random fondle does not a rape case make... or
does it? We would expect and hope that, you, the players of
DragonHeart have and use your common sense. You are all mature
adults (and if you are not, you can pretend) so act like one.
 
                            The Administration Of DragonHeart
